hey guys J here let's do some more TOEFL
reading practice so on test day you are
an absolute genius okay cool this one
we're gonna look at offal reading skill
number eight where it's called insert
word or sentence it's a bit different to
the rest of them let me first of all let
me show you what we're going to do I
want you to understand the question type
so when you see it on test today you
know you won't freak out it will be
familiar to you I want you to learn how
to answer it accurately more importantly
in order to do this I'm going to
describe the task to you I'm going to
I'm going to teach you a method and
we're going to do some practice as well
first of all task description let me
describe it to you this is what it looks
like on test day and it's very
strange-looking immediately you can see
those black squares okay so you know
what question type this ears
let's read it it says up here the
question prompt it says look at the four
squares that indicate where the
following sentence could be added to the
passage so this is the sentence where
would it best fit so in other words
they're asking you with this sentence
fit here best here best here best or
here best it's possible that it could
fit in some spots but there will be one
spot where this sentence can go in
between these two sentences to make the
most sense it's a strange question that
it's kind of it's kind of cool actually
I like it here's the method the method
is first of all read the word or the
sentence remember it could be a single
word or an entire sentence that's
inserted so let's read that sentence it
says such a perspective fundamentally
changes our view of biological evolution
such a perspective fundamentally changes
our view of biological evolution this is
quite interesting such a perspective
this tells me it's going to refer back
to some sort of opinion something like
that
interesting so there are little clues
within this sentence itself fine step
two click each square to see if it fits
with the sentence before and after it so
on test day what will happen is you'll
click that black square and that
sentence will move into that position
and then you can read the text and you
can see if it fits best there and you go
ok I've clicked there and I'm not sure
let me click here
ok yeah ok possibly let me click here oh
not so much let me click here no I
definitely doesn't fit there ok step
three you choose the square with a word
or sentence best fit so let's go back
because I want to do this impact by
meteorites represent one mechanism that
could cause global catastrophes and
seriously influence the evolution of
life all over the planet such a
perspective fundamentally changes our
view of biological evolution according
to some estimates the majority of all
extinctions of species may be due to
such impacts not bad not bad what about
here according to some estimates the
majority of all extinctions of species
may be due to such impacts such a
perspective fundamentally changes our
view of biological evolution the
standard criterion for the survival of a
species is its success in competing with
other species triki triki triki step 3
choose the square when the word or
sentence best fits in fact it was that
second place here this is a tough
question I must say so such a
perspective is pointing back to this one
here according to some estimates that's
the real key there and also it's talking
about biological evolution here the end
of the sentence to which the following
sentence refers back to biological
evolution the standard criterion for the
survival of a species is its success in
competing with other species and
adapting to slowly changing environments
so in fact that part connects to here
and this part connects to the following
sentence triki triki triki it's your
turn to practice I want you to do this
one here
so you want to make sure that you
understand this try to think about
placing this sentence in the various
black squares give yourself a minute
pause the video I'll see you in a second
so where would that sentence best fit
within that paragraph have you done it
yet if you haven't please go back press
pause go back and do it let me show you
the answer now so so so before I show
you the answer let's look at this so
whoops sorry let me get that off the
screen
neither of these neither of these
neither of these okay it's gonna be
referring back to two things has proven
medicinal value so let's read the
sentence previous and see if it has two
things Asia prefer their alcohol
distilled with animal parts a tradition
stemming from the supposed curative
powers the creatures provide neither of
these has proven well it's not referring
to neither okay let's read this one okay
okay Chinese media report that a liquor
manufacturer in Guangdong province hoped
to capitalize on the custom by selling
bottles of alcohol stuffed with parts of
rare species such as the common water
lizard crow pheasant and tokay gecko
well neither refers to to remember let's
try this one so it wouldn't be this one
so I'm not happy here I'm not happy here
let's try this on snake wine made by
drowning a live snake in alcohol can
also be found in Southeast Asia as can
wine steeped with the bones of tigers
neither of these has proven medicinal
value I like that one let's just read
this one it is illegal in China to hunt
kill or trade protected animals
neither of these has proven medicinal
value no I like that one there the
answer is that one there that is where
this sentence would best fit for TOEFL
success go to e to language comm sign up
for a free account do
some of our practice materials and if
you need more help think about
purchasing a package for one-on-one
tutorials writing and speaking feedback
live classes with expert teachers and
heaps of practice material I'll see you
soon